♪♪♪
(Kolter)
No way.
I can't believe
Blue Angel's been defeated.
Welcome home,
Mr. Zaizen!
Move!
(grunting)
I am linking
into the VRAINS!
(electrical crackling)
(rumbling)
(Spectre)
People never seem to understand
how I can feel pleasure
at another's pain.
But that is the very
nature of dueling.
There is a winner and a loser.
One duelist receives glory
and the other misery.
And the misery you're
feeling right now, Blue Angel...
is but a teeny-tiny taste.
Because you my dear are now
stuck in LINK VRAINS
and will soon be
destroyed here, as well!
(laughing maniacally)
Spectre just split!
Are we gonna let him just
ghost us like that?
Huh?
Are we?
You bet
your feathers!
We gotta look after
Blue Angel first!
But our scoop!
Listen, kid.
There aren't things
much more important
than nabbin' an exclusive,
but a life's
one of 'em.
Who cares if the world
survives or not
if we're
not gonna do right
and look after
each other?
(Zaizen)
Skye!
Huh?
Skye,
where are you?
But help's here,
so let's get goin'!
Sure thing, boss,
but running your feet
won't make me fly
any faster.
I'm swattin' the air
for a turbo boost!
Skye!
Skye,
I'm right here!
Ahh!
What is this supposed to be?
(Kogami)
I wouldn't touch
that if I were you.
(gasping)
It can't be...
Those vines are
infected with
a special
computer virus.
Lay one finger on them
and you will
be fragmented.
Dr. Kogami.
I thought that you
were gone forever.
You would
have been correct
if SOL Technologies
had had their way.
SOL Technologies?
Too bad they failed.
♪♪♪
(Ai)
Pump those chicken legs!
The Tower of Hanoi's
breakin' LINK VRAINS
into lil' bitty bits!
(Ai)
See what I mean?
If we don't stop it soon,
these streets will
be cracked up worse
than your eczema!
♪♪♪
(grunting)
(gasping)
(Playmaker)
There's the tower.
Just past the bridge.
(Ai)
You mean the one that's
slowly disintegrating?
Let's find
an alternate route.
If it dissolves
with us on it,
we're going down,
and I do mean down!
There's no time.
Ya know, if all these
sparkly bits of code
weren't being
sucked up to be used
for such a sinister
scheme,
they'd actually
be kinda pretty,
like confetti.
I fail to see anything
beautiful
about this deliberate
attempt to end the world
but please continue.
(Ai)
Sheesh!
Will you be
serving up any peanuts
during this guilt trip?
We're almost there.
(Spectre)
"Almost" is correct.
♪♪♪
I know you.
(Ai)
Yeah.
He's the Knight of Hanoi
who punked Kitamura!
Oh, my reputation
precedes me.
You can call me Spectre,
my little glowy friend.
We have no time for you.
Then you should open your
schedule and pencil me in
because I am the one
who stands between you
and the Tower of Hanoi.
And guess what?
I'm not going anywhere
anytime soon.
And when I win...
I'll do to you exactly
what I did to Blue Angel.
And what's that?
(Ai)
That's villain-ese for
saying he defeated her.
Quite correct.
Without having to exert
much effort either.
(beeping)
Yusaku has stopped moving.
Is he catchin'
his breath?
Or is something up?
Huh?
The feed's still live.
So there must be peeps
watchin' in there.
Maybe they can
find out what's up.
No action here.
Just another
dead end.
We just need a lead.
One lead!
(ringing)
Would you settle
for an email instead?
Open it!
There's a bunch of arrows
pointing at something!
And they're outlined
in red and flashing!
So you know
it's a big deal!
I think we got the lead
we've been looking for!
♪♪♪
How exactly does
SOL Technologies
have anything to do
with your disappearance?
Are you seriously
oblivious to the schemes
of your corporate
overlords?
I was told that you left
the company voluntarily.
Unless they changed
the definition,
there was nothing
voluntary about it.
They wanted control
of my creation,
one I spent every
waking moment to develop:
the Ignis.
But I refused to let
those greedy fools
have what was mine.
Then when the Lost Incident
came to light,
it changed everything.
SOL Technologies issued
a massive cover-up
to conceal their role,
silencing
everyone involved.
They used a virus
to put me
to sleep permanently
so I wouldn't spill
their secrets.
I was only alive
in the literal sense
of the word.
But my son
never lost hope.
Though I was shut off
from the real world,
he could re-create
me in the virtual one.
So here I live in
the digital realm
while my body rests
in a never-ending slumber.
So then you formed
the Knights of Hanoi
to get revenge
on SOL Tech!
No, this is not
about revenge.
It's about one
and only one thing:
destroying the Ignis.
But why?
I created the Ignis to be
mankind's successor.
Not the reason why mankind
would require a successor.
What do you mean by that?
They may only be
AI programs,
but I programmed
them to have free will.
A distinction making
them more dangerous
than I thought possible.
I must erase
my mistake.
But at what cost?
Just look at what you
did to my poor sister!
Yes, that is...
unfortunate.
I do wish it wasn't
this way
but she knew what
the consequences were
if she interfered with
the my plans.
But I promise,
her sacrifice
will not go to waste.
Because you'll be using her
code to feed your tower?
You are a madman.
The world needs madmen
to protect humanity
from threats
that more timid men
would cower away from.
So instead of insulting me,
I think you should be
thanking me.
Now then, I have
more important matters
to attend to than you.
Kogami!
(grumbling)
Skye!
Oh no!
No, Skye!
♪♪♪
What have you done with
Blue Angel, Spectre?!
Let's just say I left her
in a state
true to her name.
You know...
the kind of blue you
feel after having
been completely
and utterly defeated?
But please,
see for yourself.
What's that?
♪♪♪
(chuckling maniacally)
She's been
reduced to data!
Does it hurt
to see her like that?
I certainly do hope so
because the more suffering
that I spread,
the more joy I feel!
That is sick.
My, my, Playmaker.
Those sound like
fighting words to me.
You're right.
'Cause they are.
Excellent, Playmaker.
Time to duel!
Allow me the honor
of going first.
I summon
Sunseed Genius Loci
in attack mode.
And this seed...
will germinate into
a full-grown Link Monster!
The summoning conditions
require me to use
one Plant monster.
So I set my Sunseed
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 Sunavalon Dryas!
It has no attack points.
I'll place
this card facedown
and end my turn.
What a strange strategy.
But with it he was able
to defeat Blue Angel.
I wonder how
he pulled it off?
(Ai)
Well, you better figure
it out quicker than her.
'Cause you saw how
she ended up.
Yes, I know.
But you know what's really
creepy about this guy?
He... doesn't... blink!
It's, like,
totally mesmerizing.
Like he's staring
into my soul.
How can
an AI have a soul?
Now be nice.
You should be
treating your pet
with a little more respect.
(Ai)
I hate to agree
with a Hanoi,
but he has a point.
Ai, I'm not
going to argue with you.
Oh my.
Do I detect a spot
of trouble between you two?
You really ought to get
on the same page
if you wish
to defeat me.
Thanks for the tip.
But I can manage
this duel just fine
without being lectured
by a Knight of Hanoi.
I beg to differ,
Playmaker.
I think you can
learn a lot from us.
Take me as an example.
While you and your Ignis
squabble like children...
I have not
a single qualm
serving Master Varis
to my utmost
capabilities.
How can you think that?
Don't you know
what Varis has done?
All the people he's hurt?
Of course I do.
I was by his side when he
made those decisions.
It's always the ones who
have never suffered
true tragedy that can
speak of it so callously.
Ah...
But that
is where you are
very much incorrect,
Playmaker.
Because, truth be told,
I have endured as much
suffering as you.
I seriously
doubt that, Spectre.
I know of the Lost Incident.
When six kids were taken
and isolated from society.
These children were locked
in separate rooms,
ensuring they were
kept apart from each other.
Now had they been able to see
one another's faces,
Playmaker...
you would know
that this face here
belonged to one
of those children.
(Ai)
Aww, glitch!
You were one
of the taken?!
That's correct,
just like you.
Although my take away
from that event
differs from yours.
Clearly, Spectre.
♪♪♪
Why would you ever join
the Knights of Hanoi?
(Ai)
And why did the chicken
cross the road?
It doesn't matter!
It matters, Ai, because
they put us through agony!
Agony?
I felt no agony.
(gasping)
See, it really all
just depends, Playmaker,
on your point of view
of the experience.
And my point of view
was as someone who grew up
in an orphanage.
Even though there
were other children,
none of them wanted
to play with me.
It was
as if I was a ghost.
A specter.
Day after day,
this was my reality.
This was my agony.
Until the Lost Incident,
that is.
Someone finally
took an interest in me.
Locked in a room with
nothing but a VR set
was... nice.
It was nice?
It was horrible!
Really?
Was it?
It seems this is where
our opinions diverge.
For the first time ever
someone was
focusing on me,
wanting to learn how
skilled I was.
Sure, their training
methods were a bit harsh...
(yelling)
... but at the end
of the day
it did make me
a better duelist.
I no longer felt alone.
I learned not to fear pain
but to embrace it.
As a sort
of joyful comfort.
Yes, yes, I know.
This must all sound
a bit out there
to someone such as
yourself, Playmaker.
Someone who's devoted
his whole life...
to getting revenge
for the exact same thing
that I'm currently
celebrating!
(Ai)
Nah, it doesn't
sound out there.
It sounds insane!
But alas, all good times
had to come to an end
when they "rescued"
me against my will
and returned me
to the orphanage.
How they thought that
would better my life
I still
do not understand.
If I didn't feel
alone before
it was now
a hundred times worse.
They were scared
to talk to me,
wary of saying
the wrong thing.
Everyone treated me
with kiddie gloves
as if I was
made of porcelain.
As if I would shatter
into pieces
at the slightest touch.
So I chose to run away
from the orphanage.
To go back to the only
home I've ever known.
Only to find
it locked away.
So I just sat there
and waited.
You waited?
For my wishes
to come true.
For them to come back
so that I could once
again re-live
the best
time of my life.
But they
didn't come back.
Only he did.
(gasping)
When I saw him I knew
without a doubt...
he was the one
I was born to serve.
It was Varis.
(Ai)
His helmet's been
runnin' the chaos
and crazy since
day one!
It seems so.
And Spectre's just another one
of his puppets.
No, no.
You're not listening.
I serve him
because I want to.
Not because I have to.
I owe him all.
He taught me...
that for some people
such as myself
happiness doesn't come
from rainbows and lollipops,
rather, it comes from
grit and grime!
(Ai)
Hey, there's no point
in trying to reason
with this guy.
He doesn't have any
reason in the first place!
Besides, if you waste
any more time,
that tower will
be completed!
Am I right
or am I right?
Say I'm right!
Say it,
say it...
You are, um...
Let's duel!
Yes, let's.
Let us have our cards
settle our differences.
My turn!
I draw!
By sending
a Level-2-or-lower monster
from my hand to
the graveyard,
I'm allowed
to summon Bitrooper!
And with it...
I can create
my circuit!
The summoning condition
requires
one Cyberse monster,
so I set my
Bitrooper...
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon
Link 1 Link Disciple!
(Playmaker)
I Link Summon
Link 1 Link Disciple!
Next I'll be bringing out
my Link Infra-Flier!
I can automatically
summon it next to my
Link Monster's link!
And...
I can use it to
Link Summon again!
Like before,
the summoning condition
is one Cyberse monster.
But I'm summoning
a different Link Monster!
I Link Summon...
Link 1 Link Devotee!
Then I tribute
it to activate
Link Disciple's
special ability!
I get to draw
a card...
to my hand!
And I return a different
one to my deck.
Now Link Devotee's
special ability activates!
By tributing it,
I can summon two
Link Tokens
to my field
in defense mode.
I follow that up by
summoning Cyberse Gadget!
And by doing so,
its special ability
resurrects a monster
from my graveyard by negating
its special abilities.
Come on out, Latency!
(Spectre)
My, my, another one?
Are you attempting to set
the world record
for the most monsters
played in a single turn?
No, I'm not, Spectre.
But that
doesn't mean I'll stop.
Because I'm Link Summoning
for a third time!
I create my circuit!
The summoning conditions
are two non-Token monsters.
So I set Cyberse Gadget
and Latency
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 Binary Sorcercess!
And since I sent
Cyberse Gadget
to the graveyard
to bring out my Sorceress,
I'm allowed to summon
a Gadget Token
to my field!
And with it,
I can Link Summon
for a fourth time!
The summoning conditions
require me to set
two Cyberses.
I Link Summon
Link 2 Multi Sledgehammer!
But why would I stop at
four when I can go five?
I set my two Link Tokens
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon
Link 2 Binary Blader!
Now go!
Binary Sorceress,
attack Sunavalon Dryas!
Due to its special ability,
Dryas cannot be attacked.
So your blast of energy
is redirected
straight to me.
(Ai)
Why's he happy about that?
Thanks, Playmaker.
You triggered
Dryas' other ability!
During each of our
turns...
when I take damage,
I can summon my
Sunvine Gardna
next to my
Sunavalon Dryas's link
and regain all the damage
that you dealt me.
(Ai)
I've heard
of tree huggers before
but not a tree
that hugs you!
Perhaps it's due
to my special connection
with the green.
One that spans
to my earliest days.
In the most natural
of nurseries.
There in the hollow
of a tree did I inhale
my first sweet
breaths of air.
You might think I would
have been scared
but on the contrary
I was comforted.
Even when
the skies became violent
and the rain
began to pour,
I knew I was safe
because this tree
kept me safe.
And not just from
the elements.
When things
looked their most dire,
when my fate appeared
sealed...
the tree was there.
It shielded me
from danger
while still showing me
the beauty of the world.
Eventually I was found
and brought
to the orphanage.
But I wish I had never
been discovered
because the greatest
peace that I ever knew...
was there in that
tree hollow,
which is why
I would go back
to visit every day.
That was,
until the Lost Incident.
Though I did enjoy
the experience...
the only downside
was not being able
to visit the hollow.
So, after I was "saved,"
that was my first stop
and my last visit there.
During the six months
I was captured,
the tree had
been cut down.
My protector was gone.
For what?
To make pencils?
The truth is my dreary life
at the orphanage
wasn't the only
reason I turned to Varis.
The whole world needs to pay
for their transgressions!
Varis protects me now,
and I'll protect him
by destroying you!